Professor Jason Causey — Computer Science, Arkansas State University
Overall quality 4.2/5 from 22 ratings. 86% would take again. Difficulty 3.0/5.

Course CS2124 (difficulty 4/5, grade B):
He is one of the best professors I have ever had since starting college. This class doesn't push you to memorize code. It pushes you to learn and understand concepts. You have to work for a good grade in here. It's not the homework that gets you, it is the tests. You need to know exactly what you're talking about to actually get credit. Defend it.

Course CS2124 (difficulty 4/5, grade A):
Causey teaches the subject of object oriented programming really well and helps you understand. Very knowledgable and gives you good incite on the industry. He will respond to your email as quickly as possible even though he is super busy. Class is overall fun.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 4/5, grade A+):
Great instructor

Course CS2114 (difficulty 4/5, grade C):
He is a tough grader but I don't think that is a bad thing. After all Mr. Causey's courses are most basic course for CS major. It's vital for you to study hard. (My grade is 79.6% so I got C) He is a sincere teacher, please don't feel bad for asking question. He likes use his own slides instead of textbook, but you need read textbook for good grade

Course CS2124 (difficulty 5/5, grade B):
He's a good teacher, but also a tough grader. His tests are hard to get 85+(he needs very specific answer). Object Oriented Programming is much difficult than Structured Programming, but he tries to make sure you understand the materials. Showing your good attitude and passion on this course may help you to get a higher letter grade.

Course CS2124 (difficulty 4/5, grade A):
To make an A in this class you must master the topics at hand. To achieve mastery, I would recommend writing programs outside of class and the lab to reinforce the topics discussed.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 4/5):
Mr. Causey is a good teacher, but he is a tough grader.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 3/5, grade B-):
If you've taken Concepts of Programming, this class is basically just like it but a little harder. Homework and labs are do-able if you're adept at programming. The tests are easy to pass if you study but nearly impossible to get an A on because he wants very specific answers.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 5/5, grade F):
This is the worse course I have ever took in my life. I will never take another course like this again and I am a programmer.

Course CS2124 (difficulty 4/5):
He's tough. Object Oriented Programming is a different world than Structured Programming, but he tries his best to make sure you understand the material. His tests aren't easy, but they not impossible. Expect long study hours and homework regularly, but some homework was fun. We made a Halloween game near the end. Learned a lot, but it wasn't easy.

Course CS3233 (difficulty 4/5):
He's a tough professor. And he usually doesn't care too much if his several assignments he gives you at once inconveniences you, but he is willing to help you on assignments.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 3/5):
Structured programming is the hardest class I had ever taken. He will help you. The material is incomprehensible. I had a C two weeks into the semester. I had to eventually drop the class. If you like programming go for it but if not DONT TAKE IT.

Course INTROCOMP (difficulty 1/5):
This class is all about learing the computers. You do all lesons online. It's an easy class and you don't have to show up except for tests, as long as you do your homework outside. You have lots of quizes that will really help you with the test. The tests aren't bad, and you usually get several attempts to each question. Overall it's an easy A.

Course CS1013 (difficulty 1/5):
Easy Peezy lemon squeezy!!! Go to class, do your work, leave. Doesn't take roll and you can do your work at home and then you don't have to go to class at all! If you know how to use a computer than you should get no less than a B. If you have a good memory then you should get an A! TAKE HIM!!!

Course CSM1013 (difficulty 1/5):
He is a good Professor, gives you a set schedule at beginning of semester, and he explains everything very clearly.

Course GENEDMATH (difficulty 1/5):
This is one great guy! He's easy and super nice! He's the best teacher this side of the universe! ONE HOT MAMA

Course CS1043 (difficulty 1/5):
Easy class. Easy A.

Course CS1043 (difficulty 2/5):
Very layed back guy. If you do your tutorials and you doc assesments you will do fine on the test. The test are pretty short also.

Course CSSTRU (difficulty 2/5):
Causey is a great teacher and down to earth. He will kidd with you and teach you at the same time. Class is easy but tests get a little tricky. If you are CIT or CS you will do great. On the other hand if you are a math major and just have to take it make sure that you keep in touch with him. He will help you. I am taking him again.

Course INTTOPROGRMNG (difficulty 3/5):
Mr. Causey is a good teacher. He might not always be crystal clear, but if you actually ask some questions in class or send him an e-mail, he is very helpful. Of course, this is a course that requires the student to do all of the assignments and read the book. Don't skip class or the labs, or you will get lost.

Course INTROTOCOMP (difficulty 1/5):
Oh come on, this guy is awesome. The material itself is easy, if you can't learn it on your own you shouldn't be operating a computer anyways. Plus he's laid back and the class isn't bad. Of course if you're computer illiterate it's going to be hard, so don't blame him..he teaches the material.

Course CS2173 (difficulty 3/5, grade A-):
He has an inflated ego - acts like his class is superior to any other. Doesn't explain new concepts well to students who aren't CS majors.
