Professor Edward Hammerand — Computer Science, Arkansas State University
Overall quality 5.0/5 from 11 ratings. 100% would take again. Difficulty 2.2/5.

Course CS1013 (difficulty 2/5, grade A+):
I took Professor Hammerand for Intro to computers and he didn't disappoint. You only show up for class on test days, and if you miss one you are able to make it up on study day. It is all completely online and the software used is really self explanatory and easy to use. Easy A.

Course PROGRAMMING12 (difficulty 1/5, grade A):
he is an awesome guy

Course CSAA (difficulty 4/5):
Dr. Hammerand is a wonderful person. I enjoyed working with him in his class. He is an excellent professor in terms of class work and concept clarity. I took a master level course in which he force us to learn and program data strutcures which are pratical in real world and how to analyze the efficiency of our own created programs.

Course CS3113 (difficulty 2/5):
Dr. Hammerand is interesting, and actually forces you to think in his classes. He is more concerned that you know the material than your current grade. Your grade simply reflects the effort you put into the class. Since he became chair, he has become a bit flaky at times as well as less accessible, but the wait is always worth it.

Course CS2191 (difficulty 2/5):
This guy is amazing he can explain anything to anyone and they will get it. He is a very rare teacher and i have learned more in this class than i have learned in any other class. The only teacher on par with his ability to explain things is paul mixon. Take him and you will not regret it.

Course PROG2 (difficulty 2/5):
Dr. Hammerand is an extremely nice person and a wonderful teacher. He is an excellent professor and has the rare ability in this department to clearly explain the material to where even the most dense students "get it." I had him years ago, and he still knows my name and is genuinely concerned about how I am doing every time I see him.

Course DATASTRUCTURES (difficulty 3/5):
In ProgI I got some of the best advice from Hammerand: if you can't get the problem to work on paper, then you can't expect it to work on the computer. Most problems arise from coding a problem from scratch then not knowing why it fails. Also, comments are VERY important. Sometimes he's rather hard to find. Snag him immediately if you see him!

Course OBJECTORIENTED (difficulty 2/5):
I like Dr. Hammerand a lot. He is a really good professor. He is also a good advisor. He explains everything well. He will help you anytime you need it. And, he can help you with general life advising as well. He is just an interesting all-around cool guy.

Course CSM2113 (difficulty 1/5):
Best Professor I have ever had by FAR. You can email him any time about your school work and he will respond in almost no time flat, even at 11 o clock on monday night when your assignments are due at midnight (not that i would ever wait that long)

Course PROGRAMMING12 (difficulty 2/5):
By far one of the best professors I have ever had. If I could have him for every class I would. His tests are easy simply because of how well he presents the material. He is also available in his office for questions no matter how many times you show up. Great person, Great teacher.

Course STRPRG1 (difficulty 3/5):
Great teacher, fun to learn in his class
