Professor Hai Jiang — Computer Science, Arkansas State University
Overall quality 3.0/5 from 6 ratings. Would take again: N/A. Difficulty 4.0/5.

Course CS3223 (difficulty 3/5, grade A):
He is a bit hard to understand when he lectures and goes pretty fast, but if you come to class, work hard, and do your work he will pass you no problem. If you are interested in computer science you will be fine in his class

Course CS6213 (difficulty 4/5):
His class is tough. But if you want to learn some knowledge of the new trends in the computer science, he is the good one to choose. For taking his class, you always will be asked to do a large project. He always expect students to finish a high level project that can publish a paper.

Course CS682 (difficulty 5/5):
He is a geek of GPU computing. If you're not a geek then there is a compatibility problem and you can guess what happens. I've been a programming geek since years so he's always an inspiration. Also if you fight with him and win, your grades go higher ;)

Course CSDS (difficulty 5/5):
Dr. Jiang is very talented.He is Guru of C/C++.From the student side He can prove to be worst nigth mare for anyone in his class. He gave 10 Hw and project that we have to chose from a research paper this is not all there were couple of written Hw also. If you like adventures chose Dr. Jaing and probably hit your head in wall after couple of days

Course CS3333 (difficulty 2/5):
Assembly language is a very hard subject but he tackles it very well. I have learned a ton this semester and if there is ever anything you dont understand he is ready to help you at any time. Very easy to get ahold of and a really awsome guy.

Course CS3333 (difficulty 5/5):
His classes are hard subjects to begin with. There's alot of material to cover, so be prepared to have 185 slides per class shoved into your eyes! I passed the class with a B, how, I will never know. I did learn alot, but it's impossible to learn everything he pushes on you. All I can suggest is do the homework, study like hell!
