Professor Gidget Scrivner — Computer Science, Arkansas State University
Overall quality 2.4/5 from 12 ratings. 25% would take again. Difficulty 4.0/5.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 4/5, grade A-):
Sometimes gives pop quizzes, and tests can be announced at somewhat short notice. Likes trick questions on tests, so be careful of that, but if you do the reading you should be fine. Just listening in class isn't enough, you HAVE to read the textbook. Don't be afraid to speak up in class if you have any questions, she'll be glad to answer them.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 3/5):
As a math major, I had to take structured programming. I highly recommend taking concepts first to get programming basics down. There are weekly homework assignments and they are time consuming. Ask for help and get through. The textbook is incredibly helpful. She is very picky with test answers, so study well. She is willing to help so ask.

Course CS1114 (difficulty 5/5, grade F):
Probably the worst professor I have ever had. Homework almost everyday, quizzes every day, teaching method is extremely terrible, and there is way to much cramping before tests. It sucks trying to pass a class that is literally made to set you up for failure.

Course CS1013 (difficulty 4/5):
So I took this class online, and this was the hardest class I've taken. (Intro to Computers) She doesn't teach, she gives you up to 10 assignments for every ten days. Then after those are complete, you have one day to complete your test for that segment. Also, three projects due each segment. If you can, steer clear.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 5/5, grade C):
I honestly hate being in her class. She doesn't truly teach. She gives you homework and expects you to immediately understand it. Doesn't answer questions clearly. Takes forever to grade exams. Never responds to emails. She completely killed my desire to be a CS major.

Course CS1114 (difficulty 3/5, grade C+):
She explains things pretty thoroughly in lectures but you have to ask if you need any extra help. Homework is a little challenging at times and she is a little bit of a tough grader. Same goes for exams.

Course CS1114 (difficulty 5/5):
the professor didn't do every thing. the test difficulty. she never come to class but have many difficult homework, and the class is so hard.everybody can't pass please choose other class or other teacher!!!!

Course CS1114 (difficulty 4/5):
Tons of homework over brand new concepts without a fair or clear teaching of material. She is not made to be a teacher. If you are not already a programming wiz you will fail the class.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 5/5):
1-A lot of homework. 2-Didn't turn your paper exam on time. 3-Lack of classroom management. 4- Lack of teaching professionalism.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 5/5):
Horrible. No control over classroom and students continually get her off topic. Massive amounts of homework. Weeks or even months to return assignments.

Course CS2114 (difficulty 2/5):
Great Teacher! I had her for 2 courses. She is very helpful and makes classroom setting very relaxed and comfortable. It's easy to learn the material. Her tests can be difficult tho; just be VERY specific about how you answer the questions and you should be fine.

Course CS1114 (difficulty 3/5):
She's a very fair teacher and will help you whenever you need it, you just have to ask. Her lectures are totally lecture oriented with visual instruction coming only from in class program writing on a big screen. She'll do all she can to help you with the class, you just have to take the initiative and ask.
