Professor Jeanette Spencer — Computer Science, Arkansas State University
Overall quality 2.6/5 from 8 ratings. Would take again: N/A. Difficulty 2.5/5.

Course CS1013 (difficulty 2/5):
Such a sweet lady. You have two weeks to do your online assignments but have to go to the classroom to complete them. Test are in class and timed but super easy if you just do the lessons. I highly recommend this class as a cushion class. I actually learned a lot about computers.

Course CS1013 (difficulty 2/5):
Sweet lady who was illiterate when it came to teaching a course about computers. As well, she did her lessons over simulations and didn't know how to thoroughly or properly explain methods that were needed to pass the class. Easy class, but boring professor.

Course CS1043 (difficulty 2/5):
Horrible teacher, well she didn't teach anything. Tests are really difficult and precise. I have no idea how I ended up with a B. Stay away from her!

Course CS1043 (difficulty 2/5):
Very nice lady...She makes it clear that you do not have to attend class, just make sure you turn your work in on time and come for test days and you will do fine. The tests are really hard, but she curves big time....

Course COMPU1043 (difficulty 3/5):
she is older and not so computer literate but she is a nice lady. you do alot of work out of the book and dont even have to go to class if you turn in your work. you do have to go to take the tests. I don't know if she curves or not. Just do your work and try hard on the test.

Course INTROTOCOMP (difficulty 4/5):
She goes way to fast everyone in my class was behind! she is sweet but not a good professor!!

Course INTROTOCOMP (difficulty 2/5):
She is a very sweet lady. She has patience and she is understanding. This course is not supposed to be difficult; however, she used a new book and it not only confused the students, but it confused her as well. Test grades were awful so she curved on all our tests. The homework is easy, and you work at your own pace. You get choices.
